alright so I just arrived Jerry's he has
no idea what deck of cards is in this
brick he doesn't know it's cardistry he
doesn't know it's April Fool's he knows
nothing so well let's go see what he
thinks about the new brick has arrived
what could be within well I better open
a break first it's always tough to open
these bricks I don't know who season of
the factory but they mean business so I
have developed a system over my years of
I'm sealing bricks this is a common
letter opener this is a butter knife
these are used to point toward the brick
that you wish to open that way if
there's any of the bricks around you
won't get confused now you save yourself
Jerry why don't you open the frequent
brick so I will I know you have to
pretend that this is on and that it is a
full-blown chain saw that as you can see
with such an implement oh my goodness
now um what I'm seeing here is it it's
like a a gun maybe a cow skull on maybe
a corpse or something and some long ass
claws so this is not me want to see the
door it's like knock knock who's there
Wow a name mistake yeah it's called Pro
cardistry oh you mean the UH yes oh my
god well here we are me with a new Pro
cardistry deck of playing cards
featuring the the new mascot um you know
just for the looks of him you might
think this person or thing or entity or
demon is up to no good but looks can be
just looks could be deceiving he's up to
more than no good he's up to the most no
good
you could possibly imagine so you know
don't saw the guy short he's even worse
in real life than this though so i cant
i dont hasty with what's inside if it's
like the Queen's looks like this is it
this is the queen of skulls yeah I don't
know your school makeup I know this is
really gonna work but I always had a
tough time I know there's one of those
stringy thingies and oh you don't wanna
just what all right these new easy open
boxes all you have to do is struggle and
struggle and struggle and they just are
easily teased open any one we got your
April Fool's Day okay so you think wow
now I think we're spoiling the job for
everybody by making this video but this
is certainly the the coolest gift to get
to heaven oh my god